Update microsoft-defender-antivirus-on-windows-server.md (#6619)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/microsoft-defender-antivirus-on-windows-server.md

| Procedure | Description |
|---|---|

> | Disable Microsoft Defender Antivirus using Group Policy | In your Local Group Policy Editor, navigate to **Adiministrative Template**, **Windows Component**, **Endpoint Protectiont**, ** Disable Endpoint Protectiont**, and then select **Enabled** and Click **Ok**. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Disable Microsoft Defender Antivirus using Group Policy | In your Local Group Policy Editor, navigate to **Administrative Template** > **Windows Component** > **Endpoint Protection** > **Disable Endpoint Protection**, and then select **Enabled** > **Ok**. |
```
